yes I'm afraid I am a bit naive when it
comes to the weaker sex
Freddie Benson and you are Lawrence
Jamison you're married aren't you you
can tell listen we're the weaker sex men
don't live as long as women we get more
heart attacks more strokes more prostate
trouble I say it's time for a change I
say let them give us money let's live
off them for a while stop being so sorry
of yourself it's unbearable what so you
think we might have put a few people out
of business today that's all for naught
but you've been doing that every day for
almost 40 years Sam and if this is all
for naught then so is everything out
there it's just money it's made up
pieces of paper with pictures on it so
we don't have to kill each other just to
get something to eat it's not wrong and
it's certainly no different today
because everything